
Sorry about the weird filename, but I wanted to make sure that this got read.

This program is a imitation of the vintage game space invaders. The only significant difference 
(I'm sure there are many small differences, in the timing and such.) is that there are no 'bunkers'. 
This is mostly because of the difficulty of animating them (I got sprites for the aliens and numbers 
on google.), but also because I've always found them unnecessary.

The program was written as a semester project in fall 2018.
This is not the original repository, because that one has a confusing name on orders from the professor 
to whom the project was submitted.
I have not changed a single line from the way it was at the time, exept I've added this explanation.

Also, I should mention that this was a two person project, but I wrote all of it except for part 
of DisplayThread.java

For those who are unfamiliar with the game: left/right to move, space to fire, and p to pause/unpause.

Here ends the TLDR.



The program is filled with 'TODO' comments, but that doesn't mean it's unfinished, just that those are 
places where the code can be fiddled with. 

There are a number of rough edges in this program, such as extraneous or outdated comments. I'm leaving 
them in for accuracy. I'm not a saint. I am, however, focused on attaining mastery over time, so please 
bear in mind that I have gotten (way) better since then.

The program works as follows:

SpaceInvadersMain (herafter 'Main') contains the main game loop, in which it handles some miscellaneous 
operations, such as updating the highscores sidebar and dealing with the red alien. 

Other tasks are handled by separate threads, which all have access to a/the DataStorageObject (hereafter 
'Data'), in which the game's state is stored so it can be easily manipulated by all the threads. 

Before entering the loop, Main spawns a/the DisplayThread, which does two things: 1) displays everything 
in Data on the screen 2) reads input from the user and moved his ship accordingly. I don't remember why 
these are together, and I strongly suspect there isn't any good reason.

During each iteration of the loop, Main spawns an AliensThread and a BulletsThread. These move the aliens
(except the red one) and the bullets (of both the user and the aliens) respectively, once. (They are in Data) 
Why these needed their own threads, I can't imagine.

High scores are stored in src/images/HighscoresFile.txt